A handful of functions, auto-complete helpers, and stuff that makes you shout...

h2. Setup

@oh-my-zsh@ should work with any recent release of "zsh":http://www.zsh.org/, the minimum recommended version is 4.3.9.

1. Clone the repository

  @git clone git://github.com/DomBlack/oh-my-zsh.git ~/.oh-my-zsh@

2. *OPTIONAL* Backup your existing ~/.zshrc file

  @cp ~/.zshrc ~/.zshrc.orig@

3. Create a new zsh config by copying the zsh template we've provided.

  @ln -s ~/.oh-my-zsh/.zshrc ~/.zshrc@

4. Get the submodules
  @cd ~/.oh-my-zsh@
  @git submodule init@
  @git submodule update@


5. Set zsh as your default shell:

  @chsh -s /bin/zsh@

6. Start / restart zsh (open a new terminal is easy enough...)

h3. Problems?

You _might_ need to modify your PATH in ~/.zshrc if you're not able to find some commands after switching to _Oh My Zsh_.

h2. Useful

the "refcard":http://www.bash2zsh.com/zsh_refcard/refcard.pdf is pretty tasty for tips.

h3. Customization

If you want to override any of the default behavior, just add a new file (ending in @.zsh@) into the @custom/@ directory.
If you have many functions which go well together you can put them as a *.plugin.zsh file in the @custom/plugins/@ directory and then enable this plugin.
If you would like to override the functionality of a plugin distributed with oh-my-zsh, create a plugin of the same name in the @custom/plugins/@ directory and it will be loaded instead of the one in @plugins/@.


h3. Uninstalling

If you want to uninstall it, just run @uninstall_oh_my_zsh@ from the command line and it'll remove itself and revert you to bash (or your previous zsh config).
